this video is brought to you by the
Intel Core i5 46 70k unlocked processor
add an Intel 520 series SSD to your
Haswell system for unbelievable overall
performance welcome to my unboxing and
first look at the TT esports by
thermaltake mecha g1 so mecha is short
for membrane because that is the kind of
key switches that no I'm just kidding
mecha is short for as you guys might
imagine mecha a nickel so this is a
fully mechanical gaming keyboard from TT
sports optimized for as you may or may
not have figured out by this point in
time gaming so there's a few things on
the packaging here that I do want to go
through so multimedia keys to control
audio function at instant without going
to control panel very handy so you use a
function button which is down there and
you use some other buttons which are
over here I do like audio scroll wheels
but in a pinch I will definitely settle
for these in fact my own keyboard does
use these USB hubs for installation of
other USB gaming device so it has two
built-in USB ports that are in a hub as
well as audio jacks for microphone and
speaker out function excellent
military-grade cable tough and reliable
gold plated USB connector ps2 adapter
for n key rollover awesome I still do
like to see ps2 compatibility black
cherry switches so 50 million keystrokes
and finally a thousand polling a
thousand Hertz polling rate is supported
by this keyboard now okay
normal takes marketing for that
particular feature I personally took
exception to because they are k TT
eSports rather not Thermaltake because
they are different even though they are
very very closely related because right
here on the front of the box it says
gaming speed eight times quicker which i
think is a pretty broad statement but
does have some truth to it so what they
mean is because the keyboard supports a
1000 Hertz polling rate that is to say
that the keyboard is reporting to the
computer 1000 times every second versus
a standard 125 Hertz polling rate the
computer itself can receive the signal
in up to 1/8 of the time or as little as
1/8 of the time so that's what they mean
it is more responsive assuming you set
it up that way which you can do because
it does support it but it will not make
your gaming 8 times faster or anything
like that so the keyboard itself has a
fairly standard layout on the bottom you
find 4 nice big rubber pads that don't
look like they're going to slide
anywhere I also see this look so this
looks really nice actually I haven't
seen thermal takes the system for
attaching a wrist rest before but it
looks like there's very little risk of
these accidentally coming out and very
little risk of accidentally breaking
them when you pull them out because they
use a like a like a breakaway a
breakaway system here so when they when
the prongs come out the side there's a
very good chance they're going to rip
off but I actually quite like this
we've also got adjustable seat right
here on the bottom so you can change the
angle to suit your personal gaming or
typing requirements and then we're going
to go ahead and put the keyboard around
where you are going to see the
military-grade cable and this thing is
truly redonkulous so for context I'm
going to go grab a k70 here so this is a
Corsair keyboard which doesn't contain
all the same functionality mind you but
you can see the actual difference in
thickness between these two cables is
kind of funny so the Corsair keyboard
doesn't carry audio through the same
cable as the as the thermal tape once
the TT eSports one does TT's ports going
to then remember that so speaking of the
all the things that are carried by it
so there's USB for the hub this is
clearly labeled hub thank you for that
tt's ports can you see that cool then
we've got the keyboard itself which has
a picture of a keyboard as well as a ps2
adapter attached to it
finally the pass-through for microphone
and the pass-through for headphones
which are clearly labeled here wouldn't
mind seeing these ones green and these
ones pink I do find that particularly
helpful for myself but having the
picture on it is definitely an
acceptable alternative so next up here
actually I'm going to borrow something
from that other keyboard again we have
the key cap remover so let's find out
what Cherry MX switches we have down
there remember guys
genuine Cherry MX witches always say
cherry on the key switch itself here and
they will have color-coded switch colors
that will actually correspond to how
they feel so because this uses black
switches it's going to have a linear
feel to the press much like a cherry MX
red but with a bit of a heavier key
stroke so all Cherry MX switches are
rated for 50 million keystrokes they all
bottomed out at four millimeters and
actuate at two millimeters so actually
at half of the bottoming out and many
gamers prefer the linear keystrokes so
that is to say the red and black switch
keystrokes because there is no double
tap issue like you get sometimes with
cherry MX blues where the actuation
point is actually slightly different
from the tactile feedback point so okay
so what these ones will do is they tend
to be potentially able to rebound a
little bit faster and be more suitable
for gaming whereas many typists prefer
blues and browns so there you go black
switches linear a bit heavier than Reds
personally I like black switches but
they aren't my favorite my personal
favorites are Browns because they have a
bit more of that tactile feedback
whereas if you want something that's
quite quiet you might like Cherry MX
Reds or Cherry MX blacks in terms of the
layout of the keyboard itself this is
not the illuminated version although
there is an illuminated version you've
got your standard shift backspace enter
and of course other Shift key over here
other than that what is this thing well
it's a solidly built mechanical keyboard
on the back you've got that two port USB
hub remember guys this is not a powered
hub so you won't be plugging in
something like a USB - two and a half
inch external hard drive and another one
or something like that because you will
run out of power it's got their
microphone and headphone jack it's got a
TT eSports logo here as well as their
battle dragon down here on the bottom
and let's do our traditional flex test
not bad at all now a lot of people say
they don't need a mechanical keyboard
they don't want a mechanical keyboard
they don't want to spend particularly
the money on a mechanical keyboard they
are expensive but I would say let's make
this week a challenge week to try new
things you don't have to buy one to try
you can go to a store where they happen
to have them on display or you can find
a friend who happens to have one who's
willing to let you come try it out give
yourself five or ten minutes in front of
it and see if you like it now speaking
of trying new things audible.com this
isn't new I've talked about it before on
this channel
they have audiobooks which you can
download you can either get a membership
or you can download one at a time listen
to it on your Android device or PC or in
your car or whatever else the case may
be
and I took all of your comments last
time about which audiobook I should try
by the way if you want to get a free
audiobook go to audible.com slash Linus
and go ahead and use that link because
that makes me look good
so I took all of your suggestions for
which book to try and I threw them all
on a fire and what I decided to try was
if I'm going to challenge you guys to
try a different keyboard experience I'm
going to try a different book experience
I am going to download the first
Twilight book and our audio book and I
am going to listen to it
it is going to take 12 hours I'm going
to listen to it before I go to bed which
is what I typically do with with
audiobooks nowadays and it will either
put me to sleep which will be good or it
won't put me to sleep and it'll be
surprisingly good I am prepared to be
surprised and you should too about
mechanical keyboard so remember guys
that's audible.com slash Linus if you
want to try Twilight with me or if you
have sort of a different thing in mind
then you could also get a different book
as well so I'm going to go subject
myself to that now as always guys don't
forget to like the video and share it
and comment on it and all that kind of
stuff let me know what book you're going
to try and as always don't forget to
subscribe to Linus tech tips for more
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos